=Mail Status Plugin

Redmine Mail Status Plugin changes the issue status from one value to another on update, depending upon the starting status

==Author

* Jason Butz http://www.jasonbutz.info

==Purpose

With this plugin you can specify a status, for example "New", and then whenever an issue with that status is updated it will be changed to another status, for example "In Progress". This is all done with a module that can be enabled and disable on a project basis.

==Compatibility

This plugin has been tested on 2.3.0.devel, 2.2.3.stable and works. 2.2.x in general will probably work.

==Obtaining 

<i>URL of the GitHub repository: http://github.com/chantra/redmine_newissuealerts/tree/master</i>

The source of this plugin can be "cloned" from the GitHub-repo using:

<tt>$ cd {RAILS_ROOT}/vendor/plugins && git clone git://github.com/chantra/redmine_newissuealerts.git</tt>

==Installation

- Download the plugin from the available source (see http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/PluginNewIssueAlerts#Obtaining)
- Install the plugin as described at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins (<b>this plugin does require a plugin database migration</b>)
- Migrate your plugin database scheme using <tt>rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV="production"</tt>
- Restart Redmine

==Usage

This plugin must be enabled on a per-project basis.
To enable it, go to Project -> Settings -> Modules and enable "Mailstatus"

There are permissions that are required to be able to view and edit the settings.

A tab will be added to the Settings for a project that is called "Mail Status" from there you can configure the rule.

==Licensing

This plugin is open-source and licensed under the "GNU General Public License v2" (GPL, http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html). See the included <tt>GPL.txt</tt> and <tt>LICENSE.txt</tt> files for details.

* (C)2013, Jason Butz

==Support

For support please use the issues option in GitHub
